 Where to find R30-R50 magoshas in Johannesburg and pretoria - Find johannesburg & pretoria magosha online CBD 24×7 along nugget and President street. These are very dirty street prostitutes and you can get laid from R30. Also on Polly street near the Market street Junction. There is all sort of magoshas and they take you in the tiny cubicles where business is brisk. At night you will spot them along President street from Junction of Troye street all the way to Nugget Street. Kempton Park Around Greyilla, Long and Maxwell streets from around 7 pm till early hours. Beware of police patrols. Rates from R50 for short time. The mahosha/isifebe do not like whole night deals. There is plenty of white street prostitutes here. Rosettenville Along Verona, Bouquette and High streets. The sex workers are littered all over and you cannot miss them. Sometimes they only start appearing after dark on other days even from noon. Rates from R50 and they do give better blow jobs and they are more patient even if you do not come quickly. You can also get some willing to give anal sex. Randburg Some decent prostitutes are situated at 206 Bram Fisher. They are expensive but better than other places. If you are on budget try Tavern bar or The Beer Garden bar. Just make your way to the toilet and voila a ton of half naked prostitutes will be all over you with offers. The sex area is dingy and you can easily suffocate especially during the summer months. Price is negotiable and starts from R40.

The Garden Beer and the Tavern Bar are both on Hilltop street. In Randburg from the taxi Rank head torwards Sandton/Bryanston using Bram Fischer and turn right into Dover Street (Opposite the Shell garage) then turn right into Hilltop street you won’t miss Beer Garden on the right and towards the end of the road is the Tavern. Goodluck. Primrose During the day these working girls can be spotted on Beaconsfield Avenue all the way from cemetery Road upto Shamrock Avenue. During the night it gets busy with more street prostitutes on Rietfontein Road and all the feeder roads. Prices differ from R50 to R150. These are professional and will check if you have money before charging you. You can always bargain and they are pretty good too. Benoni Rex Hotel at the corner of Tom Jones Street and Ampthill Avenue is full of mahosha. These prositutes charge R50 per shot. The bar is always full with people having drinks and waiting for their turn to head upstairs. Pretoria  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More